DOC Add lock-file trick to help debug CI issues (#29435)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/tips.rst

    Please do not change unrelated lines. It makes your contribution harder to review and may introduce merge conflicts to other pull requests.

.. _debugging_ci_issues:

Debugging CI issues
-------------------

> CI issues happen for a variety of reasons, so this is by no way a comprehensive
> guide but more a list of useful tips and tricks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI issues may arise for a variety of reasons, so this is by no means a
comprehensive guide, but rather a list of useful tips and tricks.
```

Using a lock-file to get an environment close to the CI
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> `conda-lock` can be used to create an conda environment with the exact same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`conda-lock` can be used to create a conda environment with the exact same
```

conda and pip packages as on the CI. For example, the following command will
create a conda environment named `scikit-learn-doc` that is similar to the CI:

> .. prompt bash $

Reviewer: This is not properly rendering

```suggestion
.. prompt:: bash $
```

    issues that are more tied to the particularities of the CI environment, for
    example CPU architecture reported by OpenBLAS in `sklearn.show_versions()`.

If you don't have the same OS as the CI build you can still create a conda
environment from the right environment yaml file, although it won't be as close
as the CI environment as using a lock-file. For example for the doc build:

> .. prompt bash $

Reviewer: Same here

```suggestion
.. prompt:: bash $
```
